---
tags: Rainfall in the past hour from automatic weather station, feltearthquake, makeFeltearthquakeRequest
---

# API, Rainfall in the past hour from automatic weather station

this ticket hold the response of  Rainfall in the past hour from automatic weather station json

## URL

<https://data.weather.gov.hk/weatherAPI/opendata/hourlyRainfall.php>

Please include valid parameters in API request.

For valid parameters, please refer to Request table in this section.

## General Description

This dataset provides rainfall amount measured at automatic weather station during the 1-hour period ending at the observation time. Please note the following in using this dataset:

1. The rainfall data in this dataset is originated from automatic weather stations. In particular, the source of rainfall data of automatic weather station “Hong Kong Observatory” in this dataset is different from the official record of Hong Kong Observatory rainfall data as given in the climatological database, other weather bulletins such as Current Weather Report, Yesterday’s Weather and Radiation Level, etc.
2. The rainfall data in this dataset is provisional. Only limited data validation has been carried out. Users should take note of this limitation in using the data.

### Valid Parameter and options

- Parameter: lang
  Description: Language options
  Details:
  - en: English (Default)
  - tc: Traditional Chinese
  - sc: Simplified Chinese

### Request Example

<https://data.weather.gov.hk/weatherAPI/opendata/hourlyRainfall.php?lang=en>

### Response Description (key, description)

- **obsTime**: Observation time
  - Format: `YYYY-MM-DD'T'hh:mm:ssZ`
  - Example: `2022-09-01T08:00:00+08:00`

- **hourlyRainfall**: Rainfall amount in the 1-hour period
  - Includes:
    - `automaticWeatherStation`: Name of automatic weather station
    - `automaticWeatherStationID`: Automatic weather station ID for this dataset
    - `value`: An integer value of the total rainfall amount during the 1-hour period measured by the automatic weather station ending at the observation time
    - `unit`: Unit of the rainfall amount

### Respose example

please refer to `sample.json`
